making clearer that TSDB is the new recommended index, and make expli… (#9246)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/storage/_index.md

### DynamoDB

> Please note that DynamoDB support is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
DynamoDB support is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
{{% /admonition %}}
```
